picture this you need to strike up a
conversation with a person you've never
seen before at some social gathering you
desperately try and find an interesting
topic to make small talk but end up
empty-handed
and though awkward silence luckily there
is a solution you could try and impress
those around you with some fascinating
facts that few people know one how
suffer when they are away from their
best friends yeah that's right these
animals form powerful social bonds and
make BFFs when their close friends are
away cows actually show physical
symptoms of stress and depression to sea
otters have the densest fur of any
mammals on this planet it's hard to
imagine but these cuties have more than
a million hairs on just one square inch
of their bodies and that's not all their
fur has two layers a short undercoat and
a guard coat which is longer as a result
these two layers trap air and prevent
water from getting onto the sea otter
skin 3 there is a vast cloud of alcohol
floating somewhere far away in space
Sagittarius b2 is a massive molecular
cloud of dust and gas which drifts about
390 light-years from the center of the
Milky Way the entire mass of this cloud
is more than three million times bigger
than the mass of the Sun but the coolest
feature of Sagittarius b2 is that it
contains a variety of alcohol molecules
including methanol ethanol and vinyl
alcohol for zombies do exist however
they look nothing like those creepy
creatures from the last or if like you
saw there is a species of wasp in Costa
Rica that attacks spiders and takes over
their minds transforming them into
literal zombies to do this the wasp
injects a cocktail of poisons and
chemicals that make the spiders obey and
become hosts four wasps larvae 3p5
arctic reindeer can change eye color the
color changes from gold in the summer
to blue in the winter this change alters
the sensitivity of their retinas
allowing them to see better in the
constant darkness of winter thus they
can notice food and detect predators
with these well that is a cool
superpower I wish I could do that
six wild Mount Everest may be the
tallest mountain in the world it's not
the tallest in our solar system Olympus
Mons on Mars is way bigger than any
mountain in our happy little family of
planets floating around the Sun this
mountain is actually a huge shield
volcano that's about 16 miles high and
sprawls 372 miles across this makes the
martian mountain three times taller than
Everest 7 your corneas have no blood
vessels unlike the rest of your body
your corneas don't get any blood supply
because they don't have any blood
vessels they get oxygen straight from
the air and get nutrition from a special
liquid and tears they produce maybe I
should cry more eight do you use your
sunglasses to protect your eyes from
sunlight well I guess that's cool but
how about using them the way Chinese
judges did many centuries ago in 12th
century China judges wore glasses with
dark lenses which effectively hid their
emotions during legal proceedings talk
about a poker face 9 you won't be able
to find the largest diamond on planet
earth right now it's happily floating in
space 50 light years away from Earth in
the constellation of Centaurus this
diamond which is actually a white dwarf
star is called BPM 3709 3 but it's been
nicknamed Lucy after the Beatles song
Lucy in the Sky with
this jewel puts the biggest diamonds on
earth to shame weighing a whopping 10
billion trillion trillion pounds but
this chunk of crystallized carbon is
only 2,500 miles across which is less
than one-third the size of our own
planet still that's a big shiny Rock ten
slowloris primates are undoubtedly cute
it's no wonder these animals have become
stars all over the internet but despite
the widespread myth that they make great
pets you might not survive their bite
the truth is that lorises are the only
venomous primates on the planet people
that have been bitten by these creatures
suffered from severe pain and some even
had a really bad allergic reaction 11
your stomach turns red when you blush
when you get embarrassed your body
releases adrenaline that prepares itself
for a potentially dangerous or stressful
situation under the influence of this
hormone your blood vessels widen to
increase blood flow in case of an
emergency this will help you flee as
fast as possible that's why the veins
all over your body and in particular on
your face and in your stomach lining
contain more blood than usual and look
red 12 high heels were originally
designed for men women just started
wearing them not that long ago
high heels first appeared in Persia
reaching Europe at the end of the
sixteenth century at that time people
believed that heels were very masculine
and they were definitely a great way to
make a man tower over others 13 Venus is
probably the laziest planet in our solar
system I mean get with it Venus it
rotates so slowly that it takes the
planet longer to finish one complete
rotation then to complete its orbit as a
result one day on Venus lasts longer
than a Venetian year
14 one of the most terrifying places on
our planet is probably Lake Natron in
Africa its water contains so much sodium
bicarbonate that animals who died in or
around the lake turn into calcified
mummies moreover the lake looks
blood-red due to its chemical content
that's how it got the nickname the
petrifying lake 15 scientists have
recently discovered worms that can jump
what these creatures also called Asian
jumping worms live in the Midwestern
United States although these worms are
native to eastern Asia they were
discovered in Wisconsin in 2013 they are
a significant threat to agriculture and
can transform a blossoming paradise into
a dry desert astonishingly fast these
worms are also known for their ability
to detach their tails weird 16 one of
the scariest places to hike in the world
is the hua shan mountain just look at
this death-defying path over an abyss
you can see why they call this the
world's most dangerous hike and the
plank walk the planks hang off the side
of the cliff some 2,000 feet in the air
you may wonder what is so important on
the other end of this trail that
hundreds of people risk their lives to
see with nothing but a teahouse at the
other end people choose to take this
trail just for the adrenaline rush
seventeen who doesn't remember Michael
Jackson's famous move the forward lean
unlike what many people believed that
was in some kind of weird magic the
truth is that the King of Pop invented
special shoes with slotted heels during
the performances the heels slid on two
special bolts that jutted out from the
floor and held the dancers in place but
if you think that was an easy thing to
do
you're wrong a dancer had to be
extremely strong to hold that posture
and the move itself demanded great
effort interestingly enough Michael
Jackson patented those shoes in 1993 Oh
with two other inventors 18 humans are
not the only ones capable of raschi's
bouts of laughter rats know how to laugh
as well while researchers aren't sure if
these creatures have a twisted sense of
humor it's a proven fact that rats make
laugh like sounds when they are being
tickled 19 if you prefer to keep away
from jellyfish don't ever visit
jellyfish lake on the yield mark Island
Pat Lew it's connected to the ocean
through tunnels in a limestone reef and
as a result hundreds of creatures get to
the lake from the nearby lagoon but the
most famous inhabitant of the lake is
the golden jellyfish unfortunately in
2012 the lake was closed to visitors
because the jellyfish population
decreased dramatically however it seems
that the population has recovered enough
and nowadays you can enjoy underwater
jellyfish parties again 20 if you've
never seen a spotted lake take a trip to
British Columbia Canada it's unusual
appearances due to the water in the lake
evaporating in the summer all that is
left is tiny mineral pools of different
colors 21 the mimic octopus seems to be
the most adaptable creature on the
planet it can change its color which
isn't such a rarity among underwater
inhabitants but that's not all this
creature can also change its shape
behavior and texture in total the
octopus can pretend to be one of 15
different marine species Wow which fact
was the most shocking to you right about
your choice in the comment section below
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and hit the
subscribe button to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]